docs(fix): Index prefixes fix pt2 (#7925)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/components/orchestration-cluster/core-settings/configuration/partials/_secondary-storage.md

:::warning
Changing an index prefix after a Camunda instance has been running creates new, empty indices with the new prefix. Camunda does not provide built‑in migration support between old and new prefixes.

If Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Expoter indices and unified Camunda indices use the same Elasticsearch/OpenSearch cluster, you must use different index prefixes.

Do not reuse the same prefix for:

- Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Expoter indices (exporter): `CAMUNDA_DATA_EXPORTERS_{ELASTICSEARCH|OPENSEARCH}_ARGS_INDEX_PREFIX`
- Orchestration Cluster indices: `camunda.data.secondary-storage.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.index-prefix` (and `CAMUNDA_DATA_SECONDARYSTORAGE_{ELASTICSEARCH|OPENSEARCH}_INDEXPREFIX`)

In particular, do not configure `camunda.data.secondary-storage.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.index-prefix` (or `CAMUNDA_DATA_SECONDARYSTORAGE_{ELASTICSEARCH|OPENSEARCH}_INDEXPREFIX`) to `zeebe-record`, because `zeebe-record` is the default value of `zeebe.broker.exporters.{elasticsearch|opensearch}.args.index.prefix` for Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Expoter indices.

> Reusing a shared prefix can cause Zeebe ILM/ISM policies and wildcard index patterns (for example, `custom*`) to also match unified indices, which may lead to unexpected data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reusing a shared prefix can cause Zeebe ILM/ISM policies and wildcard index patterns (for example, `custom*`) to also match Orchestration Cluster indices, which may lead to unexpected data loss.
```

:::warning
Changing an index prefix after a Camunda instance has been running creates new, empty indices with the new prefix. Camunda does not provide built‑in migration support between old and new prefixes.

If Elasticsearch/OpenSearch Exporter indices and Orchestration Cluster indices use the same Elasticsearch/OpenSearch cluster, you must use different index prefixes.

> Do not reuse the same prefix for:

Reviewer 2: In some places we are saying do not use the same, and in others we are saying do not use the same _nor_ overlapping prefixes.

The latter is true, but think we need to be consistent with how we communicate this. This comment kind of applies globally to these changes
